c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\WebApiAreaSupport.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\WebApiAreaSupport.pdb
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\obj\Release\WebApiAreaSupport.dll
c:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\obj\Release\WebApiAreaSupport.pdb
C:\Users\bpickens\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\WebApiAreaSupport\WebApiAreaSupport\obj\Release\WebApiAreaSupport.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
